EquiDerp - A simple Warframe KLWP preset/theme.
Created by me, Xceon (JC Peleo)

Nothing special here, just Equinox (a Warframe, if you don't know) changing aspects/forms depending on time.

Aspect transformations is handled via Timezone, so in example, me, in Philippines, our timezone is GMT +8 (Asia/Manila), on 5:30am to 6-7:00pm, Equinox aspect is Day. Same on night obviously.

This preset is created on a 720x1280 phone, idk of this preset will work on higher resolution. Maybe it will.
DOES NOT WORK ON TABLETS!!! This preset is created on a phone, PORT it on landscape devices, you have my permission.

Apps you'll need:

Nova Launcher (Prime or not) or any launchers that supports wallpaper scrolling, setting desktop grid and page count.

Kustom Live Wallpaper (KLWP) PRO - To import the preset, importing presets on Free version is prohibited. (Bro tip: many sites on google offers cracked version. but i'll link one here.)

a File manager. to move files, duh.


First, download the Equinox.zip (download link here).
Second, extract the zip, then you'll see a Equinox folder, put that on Kustom folder. in my case it's on /sdcard/Kustom. (if you can't see the Kustom folder, LAUNCH KLWP FIRST. then check it again on your sdcard.)


Instructions how to setup:

On Nova Launcher, setup a 2 page homescreen, set the RIGHT screen as main screen. Then set your Desktop Grid to 12x12 (or higher). Remove some homescreen elements (ex. Dock).

On KLWP, just import the preset by swiping on left, tap on "Load Preset", then swipe to " Exported" tab then tap the folder icon. Locate the EquiDerp.klwp on your sdcard, tap the exported file and tap the Save icon on top of the preview screen (the one with floppy icon), IF A POPUP ALERT THAT SAYS "Set as Wallpaper" appears, just tap "Fix" then "Set as Wallpaper" on bottom. (DON'T FORGET THE Equinox FOLDER! IT'S VERY IMPORTANT!!)

Back to Nova Launcher, Arrange your apps to "APPLICATIONS" on left page.

That's it!

(Note: if some UI elements are misplaced after importing and setting as wallpaper, just lock and unlock your phone.)



Alright i'll explain how Globals and Shortcut works.

GLOBALS

LckScrn - Set this to change your Lockscreen Wallpaper. (for AOSP/Stock Android ONLY!!, if you're using CyanogenMod/LineageOS, set your Theme Engine stock Lockscreen. For Samsung/MIUI/Other Modded android, obviously change the lockscreen wallpaper that matches this preset.)

NavBar - Adjust this to match the height of NavigationBar background to your NavigationBar. Set this to 0 to disable. (ex., your device has capacitive/hardware navigation.)

EqnxUpdt - Updates and refreshes Equinox (turn it on and off to refresh when Equinox is NOT changing aspects. Use this when something on Equinox goes wrong.)

SHORTCUTS

Item1 - Choose what app to open on first menu.
Item2 - Same reason as above, but it's for second menu.
Item3 - Same reason again, bur for third menu.
OrdisInfoBG - That's on second page on left, the one with large frame with informations, chooses shorcut to open for that.

That's it, very simple. Note that im still a newb making a preset/theme for KLWP, so expect messy work. LOL